
personalpage todo:
    1. Not a huge fan of the 'welcome to my page' font
    2. Should add more info about the projects on dynamic images
    3. Make the text on the project slider a bit more readable
    4. Stubaffairs link doesn't go anywhere
    5. Doesn't feel very sleek/simple, improve that aspect
    6. Layout is good, can be used for blogs

blog todo:
    1. Follow the same layout as the homepage, banners and resizing are good
    2. Keep the banner, the sidenav, the collapse nav. Replace text with blog text. Replace contact with disqus
    3. At first will not have a cms, it should be all custom
    4. Make reusable classes for images (new row and center)
    5. Add disqus to the bottom of the blog template.
    6. Should it be a blog template or new html file everytime?
        a. Could be an express-handlebars template
            1. Unique url for each article
            2. Any changes to anything besides article affects all
            3. Only thing custom is the inner text html
            4. Could set a field for image, title, and subtitle
    7. Go with the express-handlebars method
        a. use index.html as the base for the wrapper
        b. custom html file for the inner text
    8. Should each blog entry have a timestamp?
        a. could add it as an optional entry to the handlebars template
    9. In the future add a linker between html file, title, image, subtitle
        a. don't think I want to add a cms in the future. Just keep adding on there

open source image slider todo:
    1. finish up on the personalpage so that it looks nice
    2. Should I include extra info?
        a. could be optional for the next step
    3. Start /extras/four_square_image_slider.html file
    4. Optimize to ensure the html is easy to use and put into other projects
        a. get rid of dummy image from html
        b. label every class well, no copying over
        c. add a variant amount of images
        d. add an option of when to change to column format
    5. Error checking (like making sure jquery is loaded, images are included, etc...)
    6. Upload to github in it's own project, make downloadable as a plugin
    7. Finish up the /extras/four_square_image_slider.html file
        a. add links to github, my twitter
    8. Add good documentation
    9. Publicize!
        a. /r/webdev, HH Design, Hackathon Hackers, /r/jquery, hacker news jquery plugins
